The search
Lvl: 6
Location: Nomrun
Coords: 1228 52 -1231
Difficulty: Easy
Stages: 6

Oke: Welcome to the village of warriors. What are you doing here? 
You: Im just looking around. Do you need any help?
Oke: Yes actually. Morth borrowed my sword the other day, and he hasn't returned it yet. Could you ask him about the sword. He lives in a house with a green roof. 
[Quest Book: Find Morth]
Morth: Hello. What are you doing in my house? 
You: Oke wants his sword back.
Morth: Oke? Hmm... Oh! Oke! Locna wanted the sword so I gave it to her. She promised me that she would return it to Oke. She lives in the yellow house. 
[Quest Book: Find Locna]
Locna: Hey. My name is Locna and I live in this village. 
You: Hey. Oke wants his sword. Do you have it? 
Locna: Oh.. Yea... I gave it to Carrin. He is staying at the inn. 
[Quest Book: Find Carrin]
Carrin: Don't just walk in to peoples rooms like that! 
You: Sorry. Do you have the sword you got from Locna? 
Carrin: The alchemist took it. And I've been to lazy to take it back. 
[Quest Book: Find the Alchemist]
Alchemist: What are you doing up here? Studying medicine? These potions are full of healing magic! If you drink it you'll feel as healthy as ever! 
You: Im here because of the sword you took. 
Alchemist: The sword... I just wanted it for research purposes, Im making a new attacking brew! 
You: Where is the sword? 
Alchemist: I left it in Oke's house. 
[Quest Book: Return the Oke]
Oke: He returned it? 
You: It's in your house. 
Oke: Oh... Oppsie! I haven't been there for a while. My misstake! Here's a small gift for helping me. 
[Quest Completed]

Oke during stage 2-5 : How's the search going? 
Alchemist after and before quest: If you drink a healing potion you'll get back some of your lost health.
Carrin after and before quest: Don't walk into people's rooms like that! 
Locna before quest: I'm a powerful warrior of this village! 
Locna after: Did you find the sword? 
Morth before quest: Isn't this village lovely. 
Morth after quest: I spoke with Oke. Thanks for your help! 
Oke before quest: Want to fight? 
Oke after quest: Thank you so much for the help. 
